that is ugly ugly ugly well he has two
things he can do here he can either go
on this side of the pins and go for the
pin count try slide some pins over but
the best way to try to make it is go
over in the 610 zone and try to slide
the six over into this cluster let's see
what he does pin counts important
I know that
I know that Sonny France in Louisville
came right out of his chair that's where
this young man practices for free alpen
bishop whoo Chris I can't remember that
five pin combination ever being made in
the championship round before and there
again those sideboards we talked about
that pin deck area being very smooth
allowed those pins to bounce around
great shot he leads by eight pin 6 feet
now the adrenaline pump let's see how
dark Williams response now that's a good
point after a player makes a big split
like that you're sitting on the bench
you think you're going to have maybe a
five or six pin lead all sudden you're
trailing by eight let's see what Derek
Williams does he trails by eat six frame
the only kind of response right Nelson
that's the way to do it and William
showing him some experience whether his
brother gave him some advice in between
games or not as the oil carry farther
down the lane Derrick Williams has moved
towards the center of the lane a very
cerebral move he's not playing that wide
big hook as his opponent Alan Bishop is
doing and this is really the right move
a very experienced move and I believe
his brother must have said something to
him great idea but you can't swing it
wide the previous frame you kept that
ball almost straight down the second
arrow ball set up in the pocket that
time you sent it very wide once again
the 37 split get the ball to the right
of the 3-pin drive it over into the
seven
tough break for derrick williams in our
second match he won the first we'll be
back after this yo Quaker State Jack
corn on the right and vice president
marketing Scott Chickering and my
all-time favorite golfer with his wife
Peggy Byron Nelson the legend now Bishop
up 20 pin lead 30 pin Lee now you know
from time to time but we look alikes
Walter Ray Williams professional I
always thought he looked like Errol
Flynn does this young man look like
actor Robert Taylor very costly great
yeah he does reason hey come on look
come on I don't you yeah close there
there there we'll see how he's pointing
the lanes Robert Taylor doesn't know how
to play lanes like this start here
rather there throw that ball out in this
area you will have a 40 pin lead if you
get a good break on the pins really lost
his balance at the line leaving only the
47 though well players all over not
consistently in the pocket we've seen it
all week long where the players are just
pounding the pocket pounding the pocket
this young man averaged the lowest of
any of the five finalists on the
championship here just 201 but right now
he's in a position to take a 28 pin lead
water speed marking with is fair Helen
bishop now back to Derrick Williams Alan
Bishop going in a 201 pace Derrick
Williams with some strikes can finish at
203 he can still make a match of it
three frames left
attaboy bowl be giving you the other top
twenty four finishers I can phone at the
marshal holman finished 27th Ron
Columbia very 29th Danny Weisman 36
Brian boss 47th Dave you stood 39th and
Bob Hanley 38 our score statistician
many time champion Del Ballard out of
the money but he'll be back
well Williams just struggling on the
left handling he's high than his light
then he's high than his life right now
he's left the 139 has to get the ball to
the right of the head pin still has a
potential 183 seeing the ball throwing
the ball a little bit too hard slides by
the head pin
alright for Bishop when the previous two
frames has had one great shot in the
seventh frame and a great split
conversion the fifth frame as a 28 pin
lead ninth frame
hey giving everyone quite a show Alan
Bishop of Louisville Kentucky the
revolutions of the ball the big hook and
the tremendous pin action is he almost
leaves a solid eight head pin goes the
sideboard jumps off those lively side
boards across that smooth pin deck takes
out the 8-pin allen bishop on is on the
threshold of winning his first game in a
championship round 10th frame
even though he is slid by the head pin
and left the 37 split the third time
we've seen that split today by one of
the combatants out in the championship
round he has the match well in hand
well we've had two matches we have two
different winners dark Williams who lost
now against talented bishop according to
bo high-risk don't always pay a high